Algorithm:
1. Data preprocessing:
   All the required libraries are imported and the statistics of the previous matches are read.
   numpy: library used for working with arrays
   pandas: usedfor handling the dataset
   train_test_split from sklearn.model_selection: used for splitting training and testing data
   DecisionTreeRegressor from sklearn.tree: training of model
2. Data cleaning:
   The missing data is imputed.
   Only the required columns are retained and columns of no significnace (like legbyes, season, wide, penalty, noballs, other_wicket_type, other_player_dismissed, byes)
   are dropped. In a similar way the teams are also filtered that is, the teams in the present season of IPL are retained and the rest are ignored. The venues are also
   updated by removing the duplicate venues and updating the file.
   The data from the first six overs is retained and the remaining are discareded
3. Model Training:
   Label encoders are created for the categorical variables and the data is split to train and test.The model is fed with the data from the first six overs and an 
   algorithm is created to correlate the processed output against the sampled output. In this process, all the player's names are made note of and the list of players 
   is a mapped to an index value and  this result is stored in a dictionary. The venues are also stored in a a similar fashion.
   The first and second innings are calculated accordingly.
   The imputed and the dummy variables are passed into the modelling process.
   A DecisionTreeRegressor is used in this process. It observes features of an object and trains a model in the structure of a tree to predict data in the future to 
   produce a meaningful output. The training model runs through the input dataset. It contais the sample output data for the given inputs. The model is fed with the 
   data from the first six overs and an algorithm is created to correlate the processed output against the sampled output. In this process, all the player's names are 
   made note of and the list of players is a mapped to an index value and  this result is stored in a dictionary. The venues are also stored in a a similar fashion.
   The first and second innings are calculated accordingly.
4. Data prediction:
   Enables us to predict the labels of the data values on the basis of the trained model. The performaance is checked and the predictions are made accordingly.